README.md, before:

:sparkler: NoFT :sparkler:
====
![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Siphon880gh/reprint/master)

Description
---
In Alphabetical Order: by Aidan Guarniere, Cassandra Hurlbut, Jonathan Wilferd, and Weng Fei Fung
<br>
<br>
A non-fungible token (NFT) can be a digital file such as pictures, animations, audio, or video but they are not interchangeable because they are made unique by blockchain technology. Because they are unique exclusive items, they can be purchased and passed from one user to another. 
<br>
<br>
With the emergence of NFTs, there is a whole new digital-niche for us to explore. One that takes into account creativity, supply and demand, blockchain, and much more. So how would one capitalize on it? Think of Nifty, a new marketplace for NFT’s. They’re killing it! Why don’t we do that? Probably because we’re not backed by a large software company with staff and money and better fin-tech than us. What can we do instead? An NFT Reprint Library! Where users can download Reprints of NFTs and share them with one another!
<br>
<br>
That is where Reprint comes into play, with Reprint users can download and share Reprints of NFTs that are forever free. If you like a style, follow the artist to their actual NFT sales page. You can also browse trending reprints, create a collection of your personal favorites, and most importantly browse and appreciate what other artworks people enjoy!
<br>
<br>
Still on the ropes trying to figure out what Non-Fungible Tokens are? Don't worry, there are more resources out there to discover more. For further understanding check this link out from **The Verge** and their article, [NFTs, explained](https://www.theverge.com/22310188/nft-explainer-what-is-blockchain-crypto-art-faq) :point_left:

Additional Information About NoFT
---


:computer: Demo
---
[Browse Reprint](https://reprint-media.herokuapp.com/)

:camera: Screenshot
---
Coming Soon

:open_file_folder: Table of Contents
---
- [Description](#description)
- [Demo](#computer-demo)
- [Screenshot](#camera-screenshot)
- [Resources Used](#floppy_disk-resources-used)
- [Installation and Usage](#minidisc-installation-and-usage)
- [Meet The Team](#e-mail-meet-the-team)

## :floppy_disk: Resources Used
    Client Resources:
      "@apollo/react-hooks": "^3.1.5",
      "@google-cloud/firestore": "^4.9.8",
      "@testing-library/jest-dom": "^4.2.4",
      "@testing-library/react": "^9.3.2",
      "@testing-library/user-event": "^7.1.2",
      "apollo-boost": "^0.4.7",
      "bootstrap": "^4.4.1",
      "firebase": "^8.3.2",
      "firebase-admin": "^9.6.0",
      "graphql": "^15.0.0",
      "graphql-tag": "^2.10.3",
      "jwt-decode": "^2.2.0",
      "node-fetch": "^2.6.1",
      "random-hash": "^4.0.1",
      "react": "^16.13.1",
      "react-bootstrap": "^1.0.1",
      "react-dom": "^16.13.1",
      "react-router-dom": "^5.1.2",
      "react-scripts": "3.4.1"
    
    Server Resources:
      "apollo-server-express": "^2.12.0",
      "bcrypt": "^5.0.0",
      "dotenv": "^8.2.0",
      "express": "^4.17.1",
      "faker": "^5.5.1",
      "jsonwebtoken": "^8.5.1",
      "mongoose": "^5.9.10"
      
    Root Resources:
      "concurrently": "^5.2.0",
      "graphql": "^15.5.0",
      "if-env": "^1.0.4"

## :minidisc: Installation and Usage
1) Install this project by clicking the *GREEN* button above, you can download it by ZIP or copy the SSH. 
2) Load into VSCODE and download the necessary node modules (npm run install). 
3) Type npm run seed to set-up to generate users and other assets. 
4) Create your own account, create a post, check out your favorites, follow a few people, like a post, and or leave a comment


## :e-mail: Meet The Team
- ### Aidan Guarniere
  - [Github](https://github.com/AidanGuarniere)
  - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aidan-guarniere-56299719b/)
- ### Cassandra Hurlbut
  - [Github](https://github.com/clhurlbut)
  - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cassandra-hurlbut-7165081b6/)
- ### Jonathan Wilferd
  - [Github](https://github.com/jwilferd10)
  - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathan-wilferd-3a6b461b6/)
- ### Weng Fei Fung
  - [Github](https://github.com/Siphon880gh)
  - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/weng-fung)
  - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/user/Siphon880yt/videos)

Commit message:

Feat: Copied the NoFT logo and put that to the front-end and added a new header, then created Challenges and Successes section.

README.md, after:

![image](noftFULL2.png)
====
![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Siphon880gh/reprint/master)

Description
---
In Alphabetical Order: by Aidan Guarniere, Cassandra Hurlbut, Jonathan Wilferd, and Weng Fei Fung
<br>
<br>
A non-fungible token (NFT) can be a digital file such as pictures, animations, audio, or video but they are not interchangeable because they are made unique by blockchain technology. Because they are unique exclusive items, they can be purchased and passed from one user to another. 
<br>
<br>
With the emergence of NFTs, there is a whole new digital-niche for us to explore. One that takes into account creativity, supply and demand, blockchain, and much more. So how would one capitalize on it? Think of Nifty, a new marketplace for NFT’s. They’re killing it! Why don’t we do that? Probably because we’re not backed by a large software company with staff and money and better fin-tech than us. What can we do instead? An NFT Reprint Library! Where users can download Reprints of NFTs and share them with one another!
<br>
<br>
That is where Reprint comes into play, with Reprint users can download and share Reprints of NFTs that are forever free. If you like a style, follow the artist to their actual NFT sales page. You can also browse trending reprints, create a collection of your personal favorites, and most importantly browse and appreciate what other artworks people enjoy!
<br>
<br>
Still on the ropes trying to figure out what Non-Fungible Tokens are? Don't worry, there are more resources out there to discover more. For further understanding check this link out from **The Verge** and their article, [NFTs, explained](https://www.theverge.com/22310188/nft-explainer-what-is-blockchain-crypto-art-faq) :point_left:

Challenges and Successes
---
The creation process of NoFT has been an uphill battle, however when issues popped up we worked as a team to fix and tie everything together. Most of the challenge was getting NoFT's front-end to call the correct data, then correctly implement the new technologies and ensure they're working correctly. We spent countless amounts of hours together trying to figure out solutions to our problems and eventually overcame them. There were many aspects about this project when we thought it'd be easy to create, but each time it quickly turned into prolonged efforts to get a working implementation of what we wanted. For example one of our biggest struggles was getting our cloud storage and then being able to download what is uploaded. This has been successfully implemented!

:computer: Demo
---
[Browse Reprint](https://reprint-media.herokuapp.com/)

:camera: Screenshot
---
Coming Soon

:open_file_folder: Table of Contents
---
- [Description](#description)
- [Demo](#computer-demo)
- [Screenshot](#camera-screenshot)
- [Resources Used](#floppy_disk-resources-used)
- [Installation and Usage](#minidisc-installation-and-usage)
- [Meet The Team](#e-mail-meet-the-team)

## :floppy_disk: Resources Used
    Client Resources:
      "@apollo/react-hooks": "^3.1.5",
      "@google-cloud/firestore": "^4.9.8",
      "@testing-library/jest-dom": "^4.2.4",
      "@testing-library/react": "^9.3.2",
      "@testing-library/user-event": "^7.1.2",
      "apollo-boost": "^0.4.7",
      "bootstrap": "^4.4.1",
      "firebase": "^8.3.2",
      "firebase-admin": "^9.6.0",
      "graphql": "^15.0.0",
      "graphql-tag": "^2.10.3",
      "jwt-decode": "^2.2.0",
      "node-fetch": "^2.6.1",
      "random-hash": "^4.0.1",
      "react": "^16.13.1",
      "react-bootstrap": "^1.0.1",
      "react-dom": "^16.13.1",
      "react-router-dom": "^5.1.2",
      "react-scripts": "3.4.1"
    
    Server Resources:
      "apollo-server-express": "^2.12.0",
      "bcrypt": "^5.0.0",
      "dotenv": "^8.2.0",
      "express": "^4.17.1",
      "faker": "^5.5.1",
      "jsonwebtoken": "^8.5.1",
      "mongoose": "^5.9.10"
      
    Root Resources:
      "concurrently": "^5.2.0",
      "graphql": "^15.5.0",
      "if-env": "^1.0.4"

## :minidisc: Installation and Usage
1) Install this project by clicking the *GREEN* button above, you can download it by ZIP or copy the SSH. 
2) Load into VSCODE and download the necessary node modules (npm run install). 
3) Type npm run seed to set-up to generate users and other assets. 
4) Create your own account, create a post, check out your favorites, follow a few people, like a post, and or leave a comment


## :e-mail: Meet The Team
- ### Aidan Guarniere
  - [Github](https://github.com/AidanGuarniere)
  - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aidan-guarniere-56299719b/)
- ### Cassandra Hurlbut
  - [Github](https://github.com/clhurlbut)
  - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cassandra-hurlbut-7165081b6/)
- ### Jonathan Wilferd
  - [Github](https://github.com/jwilferd10)
  - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathan-wilferd-3a6b461b6/)
- ### Weng Fei Fung
  - [Github](https://github.com/Siphon880gh)
  - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/weng-fung)
  - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/user/Siphon880yt/videos)
